# JS Project

**DUE:** Wednesday, May 6, Noon.

This project is worth **fifteen (15) points**


## Instructions

Pick one of the following and build it according to the specifications provided. Not all "edge" cases will be detailed, so give thought to scenarios which may apply to your project. All projects should rely on HTML form-based input. Do not use `prompt`, `confirm` or `alert` in your project.


### Guessing Game

Randomly generate a number from 1-100. Prompt the user to guess. Continue the game until the user guesses correctly. Include at least two of the following enhancements:

- Tell the user whether they are "hot" or "cold" based on proximity to the randomly selected number.
- Count the number of guesses and return a response based on that number (i.e. 100 tries: "Are you ever going to get this?").
- Keep track of numbers which have been guessed, and mock the user when they guess a number for the second time.


### Lotto Numbers

There are two lottery games which can be played in Florida: [Florida Lottery](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Florida_Lottery#Florida_Lotto) and [Powerball](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Powerball#Playing_the_game). Create a web page which allows a user to pick one of the two games, then display numbers for the user to (potentially) play.


### Times Table Tutor

This is comprised of two parts: 1. A quiz element which gives a problem ("2 x 2") and grades the answer 2. A reference table showing results for a times table up to 12, generated by JavaScript. (Review the illustration under [Multiplication Table: History](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Multiplication_table#History).)

For the user-driven element, use randomly select numbers (up to and inclusive of 12) to generate the problem. When grading, offer some response as well as the result. What might be the best way to help a user when a mistake is made?


### Ballot Box

There are two parts to this exercise:

1. Create a "Ballot Box" which allows a user to vote for one of two choices. When a vote is submitted, a count should be displayed which confirms the vote was accepted -- but not show what the ongoing tally is for either option. Include an input for the user to click at the end of the voting period which then displays what the final results were.

2. Once you have a working script, create a branch for a modified version of the script. This version should "rig" the election. }:> Pick which option you want to win, and always make it happen. Be sure not to make it obvious (i.e. winning vote + losing vote < total votes). And keep it out of a "recount" range -- the difference in votes cannot be 0.5 percent or less.


## Reminder

Images must be stored in your repo. Do not "hot link." All content must be sourced. Failure to adhere to these requirements will constitute a lapse of web ethics and result in a zero (0) on this assignment.


## Grading

Points are earned based on the following conditions:

- 5 points: *General execution.* Is the presentation good? Is code structured well? Are the files organized? Does it exhibit best practices for the web or mobile?

- 5 points: *Does it work?* For instance, if the user provides input, do they get output? Is the output as expected in most cases?

- 5 points: *Does it work in unique situations?* Did you account for edge cases? For instance, if the user gives you the wrong type of input, how do you handle it?

Projects submitted past the due date will receive a zero (0).

**Good luck!**
